# chadgpt

 CPSC 481 - Artificial Intelligence, Anand Panangadan

Group Members: Benson Lee | Kendrick Ngo | David Harboyan


California State University, Fullerton

# Problem Description: 
A web-based chat application using the Flask framework that incorporates ChatGPT's API. The application will allow users to type in natural language and get responses generated by ChatGPT. The focus will be on providing recommendations for various topics, such as restaurants, movies, and travel destinations, while conversing with others.

# Programming Language / Frameworks:
Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Flask

# Datasets:
A collection of arbitrary datasets used by OpenAI’s gpt-3 model

# Existing Code:
We will be building our algorithm from scratch using natural language processing techniques.

# Algorithm/Approach:
Our approach will involve preprocessing the text, specifically looking for the keywords “Hey Chad” that will trigger a response from the gpt-3 model as a separate entity in the chat session, named Chad.  

# Timeline:
Week 1: Set up the Flask app and implement the basic functionality of the chat interface for two users.
Week 2: Implement the intent and entity extraction module.
Week 3: Integrate the ChatGPT API and test the response generation.
Week 4: Finalize the project, write documentation

# Special Computing Platform:
No special computing platform is required.

# Roles and Responsibilities:
Benson Lee: Lead programmer, responsible for building and training the machine learning model.
Kendrick Ngo: Front end management, API integration using specifically gpt-3 and Flask API.
David Harboyan: Front end developer, sync responses from gpt-3 and display the results.
